okay guys so I'm gonna give you a house
tour of our downstairs area if you don't
everybody know we live in Fort Bragg
North Carolina and we live on post so
I'm like a lot of the houses they all
look the same and we're part of a duplex
so this is the right side there's our
door
can you walk in this is what you see
this large area and over there with the
toys right that's supposed to be like a
dining room but we decided that a little
play area for the kids would be better
for right now especially since it's on
carpet and the kids like to throw their
food all over the place so it worked out
better like that and over here it's just
a couch area we still have to buy like a
lot of decorative items but for right
now this is what it is we need to buy a
new entertainment center area we've had
that table since our our first place
that we got in Washington know in
Colorado like about five years ago so we
have to upgrade that this over here been
through here we have what we use as a
dining room but on the what's it called
the floor plans it says a family room
and my husband wants to switch it but
this is just work is better for us right
now this is the kitchen it's pretty
small but it's a decent okay little but
I mean have there's a pantry in this
door right here a lot of stuff in here
he usually has it really organized and
he's been busy lately
this one is going to some military class
that we like to call where he puts on
his wick stuff and after that little
closet area you have a little powder
room this is the laundry room where we
keep like cleaning supplies all my
laundry have the phone machine area just
basic stuff and then that's pretty much
it except for the backyard I'll show you
what that looks like
the friend sets up we have to rent them
for $35 in lunch with what was a month
which is kind of crazy but it helps with
Simon and the girls so Kevin that's
pretty much it for the downstairs area
and I will show you the upstairs area
all right guys I'm gonna show you the
upstairs have the girls restroom just
this pretty simple pretty plain
we need some more color in here but yeah
that's the girls restroom and then when
you come this way this is Danielle's
room she has a little picture up there
but we have to update it so and this is
her room
that's pretty much it hmmm oh and then
she has that closet over here closet and
then this way is Lexi's room which still
needs a lot of work but right now she
just has Danielle's old stuff that we're
planning on doing a lot with it so get
ready for those videos then this closet
is just like the linen closet there we
have a bar just to go through but yeah
then over here is my room in my
husband's room
we just bought new furniture so we still
have to like decorate it
and I need a picture for that wall but
that's really this is my husband's
closet my class is over there but I'm
not gonna show you because I have to
clean it